off the coast of South Africa more
adolescents have reached that difficult
age at two years old male bottlenose
dolphins leave their mother's port to
form boisterous gangs looking for
excitement like nothing better and
surfing spy turtle is here to see what
they get up to
he in turn is joined by another spy
creature
this is spy puffer based on a fish that
blows itself into a defensive puff ball
the spy creatures are here to fill these
teenage tearaways spied puff our faces a
bumpy ride
bus stops are common
it's easy to get caught in the middle
young males are so unruly the females
kick them out of the family poured
[Music]
this isn't spy puffer it's a real
pufferfish
the poor creature gets the same rough
treatment perfect for a game of catch
[Applause]
but the dolphins are dicing with death
puffer fish are one of the most
poisonous fish in the ocean they exude a
powerful now of poison called
tetrodotoxin
it only takes a small amount to kill a
human even so the Dolphins often look
for puffer fish and love to chew on
taken in small doses the secretions seem
to have a narcotic effect
[Music]
the Dolphins are careful not to swallow
them instead they hold them gently in
their mouths
despite the risks passing the puffer has
become a popular dolphin pastime
[Music]
luckily the little fishes usually
survived the strange experience
[Music]
[Applause]